terry richardson is the terrible child
of the photo we know him for his
cliches of sexy girls in devil cow
but not only is it famous for
his portraits of celebrities like
castin issued by batman and robin
leonardo the insset and his great blow
was to shoot obama before his
election
yes it's the photographer that all the
world is tearing away for his trashy photos
sexy glam porn chic or not chic
go on show me from the pulpit of the
meat
yes emmanuelle alt of the voc france
has been working with him for 15 years and
know the animal for me it's a big
fashion photographer
first it's a son of photographers
so that's important his father was
a very great photographer who was a
star in the seventies who has
had a very big influence on
his son but he has benchmarks
aesthetics of its own
he likes the coca ketchup he advances to
an American there is no more American
that terry he and he could do a
ad for america all by itself
waiting to make an ad for
america terry richardson is over
in addition solicited to sign ads
for brands
he has just signed a
planetary campaign for the giant to
shehem who associated with jimmy choo and
it was he who was chosen to fill
the 2010 pirelli calendar of bombs
humans who show their breasts all
the months visibly the shoot was
wild proof in pictures
[Music]
so we went to london to
the launch of the story calendar of
understand who is this terry who
undresses everything entrusts on his way
from daisy love to miranda kerr by the way
by the top lily school that flashes on everything
which moves even in broad daylight
who was this gentleman who wagne dedication
to all those men in tuxedos
weird phrases he made king
so we went to ask him if
he was the best photographer
in the world as some say then
terry it's you or one of them low a
the best not the best one of the
best samba hockey in any case he
just ask people who
work with him to understand that
it's a photographer jean titteri his
assistant is thrilled
it's almost heaven he's got
luck and I'm lucky to
work with him
the editor of English vogue is
crazy he enumerates beaulieu and I love
eva herzigova gaga
he is a top model donkament here and there
terry it sounds like mystery but then
what's his thing to this photographer
he has in any case this shift that had
newton in these pictures where he was
able to play with the proportions of
size of the people there to how to do
pose very original mannequins
actually there are some things that
photographers love the
producer of the calendar our finalists
friendly
and at the break of the girls who
kiss the break challenge at four
paws break the girl in the water there
at a few pauses that come back all
time yes there is also the girl who is the
play arms crossed on jersey tighten her
we were not going to believe that terry
richardson vice shocked it's not at all
that I'm not looking for the shocking or the
too openly sexual but we want that
people stop and look at the card
photo go look at me yes it's good
in fact the secret of this photographer
so-called trash is that he was having fun
that he is rather good-natured with his
girlfriends models
he is warm but he is not
familiar interests so it's he has
a lot of respect for the models
and I think that he is in everything
case in his human side and let's dance
people in his behavior
staff very far from these pictures ago
respect in how to deal with
people and the dummies and the baule and
photographed in dot that passes on
a table there is no discomfort there
not a moment where you say where it
flip into something that I put the
people uncomfortable or who throws first
he forces nobody to do the photos that
done and yes every break every photo
what did you do for yourself?
he does not have if we wanted to wear
clothes or bras on
could he have not asked for anything
and then the advantage with terry richardson
it's that he has ideas that do not cost
cheap to produce
40a on our calendars pictures of
Catherine McNeil with milk on her
chest is actually the choice of a
camshaft% natural I was free
a gift from the rubber trees of the
latex is not a spendthrift photographer
he takes and is inspired by what he
or everything is a game for him so here is
a photographer who does not take himself for
a star but whose goal is to
photograph still full of water
example brad pitt I always wanted the
to photograph but I 'm never going
photographed who else madonna I
always wanted her to pose for me
but it's still to be done I still have
a lot of people to photograph well
sure carla burnished but also johnny
hallyday johnny hallyday formidable bond
far enough at last mali I was at
paris i love you terry lightening the
braided wheels